was a groundbreaking ceremony for a new factory
Did she mention seeing anyone who was sick,
anyone on the plane at an airport?
No, she said she was jet-lagged
The average person touches their face 3 to 5 times
every waking minute
In between then we're touching doorknobs, water fountains
and each other.
Mom? no no go up to your room buddy!
So we have a virus with no treatment protocol,
and no vaccine at this time.
You had a seizur this morning Bev,
Does she have a history of seizures, allergies?
No, no!
As of last night there were 32 cases
Unfortunately your wife did die
Okay, can I go talk to her
Mr. Umaf your wife is dead
What are you talking about ...what happened to her!
Is there any way someone could weaponize the bird flu is that
what we're looking at?
Someone doesn't have to weaponize the bird flu...the birds are doing that!
Watch this, it's transmission so we just need to know the direction
On day one there were 2 people and then 4 and then 16
In 3 months it'll be a billion..that's where we're heading
They're calling the National Guard, they're moving the president underground.
The truth is being kept from the world
Cook your samples, destroy everything...
Hello, I need you to get me the names of everyone who serviced this room,
it's and emergency
Im gonna get you home, I got people too Dr. Cheever...we all do
Don't talk to anyone, don't touch anyone.
Stay away from other people.
It's picking us out faster then we're figuring it out,
it's mutated!
(music)